[Narrator] In the year 2020 C.E.
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form
called Digimon.
(adventurous music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
In order to save Tokyo
from its latest crisis,
Tai and his friends
continue their journey
through the Digital
World in their hunt
for the Celestial Digimon.
As the Digidestined head
for the Cloud Continent,
they reach the sea, and they
also meet two new friends,
Joe Kido and Gomamon.
Overwhelmed by the need to
study for his school exams,
Joe barely shows any interest
at all in the mission
that the Digidestined
are pursuing.
Tai and his friends are
baffled by his attitude
but despite Joe's reluctance,
Gomamon diligently supports him
and continues to believe in him.
Touched by Gomamon's
selfless actions,
Joe finds new resolve
and decides to become
a true partner to Gomamon.
And at that very moment
Joe's Digivice lights up,
and Gomamon is able to
digivolve into Ikkakumon.
[Agumon] I see it! I see it!
[Tai] That giant bright
light? Yeah, can't miss it!
And somewhere on that continent
we're gonna find the
Celestial Digimon!
Hey, Joe, they said
we're almost there.
This is perfect! That light
is guiding us straight there!
Is that a light house?
Out here in the
middle of nowhere?
(digivise rings)
Hey guys, I wanted to report
the situation in Tokyo.
(weary music)
Because of the power
outage, the supermarkets and
convenience stores in the
city barely have anything on
their shelves anymore
Am I wrong, or in our
world only one day has past
so far hasn't it?
And its already that bad?
Everyone's on edge since
that last cyber attack
I think people feel
like its just disaster
after disaster lately.
Izzy, you're how old now?
You're pretty smart
I mean, you know smart
for someone your age.
Hm? Oh, not really
As the oldest one here,
I should really be the
leader of this group.
Anyway, we'll hurry and
get over there just as soon
as we can.
You guys we really
gotta focus on finding
the celestial digimon
right now okay?
Huh?
Hey Izzy!
Ah! Hey look you guys!
(Dramatic violin music)
What is that place?
It looks like a
military instillation!
Watch out!
(screams)
Grab on!
If I show my face again
we will be fired on.
Where is everyone else?
Hey are you okay?
[Palmon] Somehow!
Ugh, Mimi!
( shriek)
Yeah!
We're saved!
Thank you for the
lift Birdramon!
We made it this far and
were not giving up now.
Get back!
Look out!
Here it comes!
Meteor wing!
Birdramon!
Talk about a welcoming committee
Tai
Blue blaster!
This way!
What was that all about?
Thanks for that, you
totally saved our bacon.
Matt!
You know I had a feeling
you were gonna show up here.
You know him?
Yeah!
He's a friend of mine!
wait, that means you're
the one from before.
Yeah I'm Gabumon.
Hey Gabumon, how you doing?
Tai, do you know what the
situation in Tokyo is right now?
Yeah, izzy told us all
about it. Ill tell you after
you tell us, what
is going on here?
Hmm
that guy is Gorillamon, he
uses Solarmons's light to keep
an eye on the area.
And when he spots an
intruder he fire on them.
And like we just saw, they're
also protecting the fortress
with those Tankmon
down on the shore.
We've been thinking of
sneaking into that fortress
to get around all that.
What?!
There are a whole lot
of really dangerous
enemies out there, and for
some reason they've been
targeting all of
us. You guys know
what I'm talking about.
But what we don't know
is there identity.
Who are they? And are they
connected somehow to the
disasters that have
been occurring in Tokyo?
If we can get inside
of that fortress
we should be able to find
some information about them.
No way! We're just
a bunch of kids!
Let's do it!
We really don't have any choice.
We can't go any further if
we don't get past this place!
-Uh huh!
-Hold on.
If we go in a big group,
that's only gonna make
us an easier target.
I don't need anyone
holding me back.
Tai, you keep an
eye on these guys.
Hey Matt, wait!
That was really
nice of you Matt.
I guess that you just want
everybody to stay safe huh?
Lets go
Okay!
Gabumon digivolve to..
Garurumon!
Tai! Hey, you guys!
It's no use. Something is
jamming our communication.
I wonder if this means
something's happened
on Tai's side of things?
Unfortunately, that's something
we can't help or control.
All we can do is believe in them
and get there as fast as we can!
So I'm speeding up!
No... no, it's too..
Huh?
It's too reckless!
Mimi, I'm borrowing this!
What?!
Hey! That's my best towel!
Wait! Joe!
Hey! We surrender!
We don't want to fight!
We're just passing through!
We have absolutely
no desire to fight!
-No will at all!
-Wait a minute!
-We're not from here!
-What does he think he's doing?
Don't use my towel
as a white flag!
Give that back right now!
-Do you hear me?
-Joe come back!
Don't worry! If we just explain,
I'm sure it'll be all right!
Look out!
Nice one, Palmon!
Oh, my precious towel!
It was Sora's, anyway
Thanks, Joe.
Cause of you, I have a plan.
Huh?!
If they want a target,
then we'll just have
to give 'em one!
Agumon, were gonna act as decoys
to help out Matt and Garurumon!
Gotcha!
In that case count us in!
Biyomon!
Right!
Wha-?!
Hey! What are the rest
of us supposed to do now?
Wait a second.
(screams)
No way! Do we have
to fight too?!
It's pretty quiet over here.
No! Stop! Go away!
Oh man, super fast! As usual.
Those guys're impressive.
Yeah!
A gatekeeper!
He's strong. The odds are
against us in this fight.
Pepper Breath!
Spiral Twister!
Go, Matt!
We'll stay here and
hold this guy off!
You and Garurumon go on ahead!
Biyomon digivolve to..
Birdramon!
You guys take down Gorillamon!
Hey!
The name's Sora Takenouchi!
I'm leaving the rest up to you.
We're going, too!
Agumon!
Pepper Breath!
All right!
Agumon digivolve to..
Greymon!
You got this! Jump!
(soft dramatic music)
(rock music)
Garurumon!
(singing in Japanese)
Howling Blaster!
(Howling)
Palmon digivolve to..
Togemon!
Gomamon digivolve to..
Ikkakumon!
Needle Spray!
Harpoon Torpedo!
Meteor Wing!
Now's our chance!
Nova Blast!
Doesnt look like there's no
one left inside of this place.
Oh! You have a
little smudge there
We owe you a big thanks
for saving us earlier!
No...
No, we were the
ones who were saved.
I treated you guys like
you'd be dead weight.
Sorry bout that.
Look, at this point
I'm just glad that all
of us are still alive!
Although to tell the truth,
the only reason
you're alive right now
is because of Palmon, Joe.
How embarrassing.
(everyone laughing)
Hey, you guys! Come quick!
What is this place?
I wonder if there might be
a record of their activity
or communication
that was left behind?
wait, isn't this?
(peaceful music)
This is.
Huh?
This is about the
Celestial Digimon!
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[ Narrator] It's a
one-on-one battle,
Ogremon versus Greymon!
And that's just when
they're attacked
by the most powerful
Digimon yet!
Next time: The Ultimate
Digimon Attacks.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world!